So ultimately, our splash screen will look like this.
So let's go ahead and construct it.
So let's go and with a splash screen, I can get rid of all of these other files.
For now, at least, so we don't want just to have a text like this, we want something more elaborate.
So I'm going to go ahead and create a surface here.
And pass it on modifier.
Start with a padding modifier padding, let's just start having padding like this can give an all round
modifier or padding of about 15 deep or import deep.
I need to say modifier didn't add the modifier.
All right, there we go.
And then I'm going to say size the whole size.
I want it to be, let's just say, 330 deep.
And then let's go ahead and add.
A shape to our surface because we're trying to create something like that.
OK, so it's a shape.
And I want to circle shape.
Let's give a color and.
It's a color that white such.
And now we are going to add this border around our circle shape.
OK.
So border one on the border stroke, the width is going to be about two dpi.
And the color I see color light gray as such.
OK.
Making good progress here and inside.
Just put this in your line now inside I'm going to add a column inside of our structure here.
Surface first, let's go ahead and also get rid of this redundant qualifier there.
Here, I'm going to put a column and let's also say modifier.
Padding of about one dpi.
OK.
And then I'm going to say horizontal alignment, but you center horizontal eye such.
All right.
And I want a vertical arrangement to say center to be center like this.
And then we have our column scope idea is we are going to add this text in that as well.
And while we're here because we are inside of a composable, we can just go ahead and add the preview.
Real quick here.
And in this case, we're going to have an issue here because we can't have you have over is going to
say preview is going to go to work with nine default parameters.
OK.
So it's OK for now.
I'm just going to go ahead and actually instantiate a new or a nav controller, such in passing the
context.
And I can say local context that current OK, when I'm going to use that, it's just so that we were
able to see something in our preview.
Let's go ahead and wait until it initialize and hopefully it's score will.
Rebuild all of that.
OK.
You can see we have a very large.
Circle there.
That's really good, and there is indeed that very nice border stroke.
That's OK.
It's good, it's looking good.
So now we are going to add the text, which means these two texts here.
Now this is just branding.
Of course, you can put your own text in colors and so forth.
But this is what we have right now.
OK, let's go ahead and add here.
First of all, I'm going to add a logo what I call a logo anyway.
So this is going to be a text and it will say a reader pass style, but I use material theme.
Topography going to give an H3, so a little bit large.
Then let's give a color actually inside there.
I'm going to use colored red and I would say copy to pass the alpha float here, I'm going to just make
it a little bit dimmer switch zero point five half like this.
OK, let's go ahead and refresh will quick.
All right, there you go.
A reader that looks really good or good and then at the bottom, I'm going to put some sort of a spacer
here because we want to give some sort of space between what we have this a reader and what comes next.
So I say modifier to give it the height scales of about 15 dpi and then right after that and add another
text.
And this one will say.
Read
Change yourself very cheesy, but it's OK, and I'm going to actually want to add the.
Double quotes.
So for that, it will have to escape them quite like that and put like that.
So what I'm saying here is that I'm going to escape this coach to be read as actually quotes not just
a string in our texts there careless go ahead and pass a style when use a material theme.
Typography H5 as well, and let's keep a color
light gray.
Such are good to refresh.
OK, that looks good.
Something similar to this.
Now the main idea here is because it's a splash screen.
The idea is that it doesn't stay long.
Right.
So it's going to go and stay up for a few seconds or milliseconds even and then go away.
But as that happens, we want to see that nice animation of perhaps it's growing a little bit and then
contracts right and then goes to the next week.
So that's what we're going to be doing in the next video.